Improve rosetta docs (#727)
o1-labs/docs2: docs/exchange-operators/rosetta/send-requests.mdx

---
title: Sending requests

> description: Learn how Mina-specific request/response models look like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about Mina-specific request/response models
```

---

# Sending requests

> Once the Rosetta app is running, you can send requests to it.
> Lets run `/network/list` request:
> 
>     curl -L -X POST 'http://localhost:3087/network/list' \
>         -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
>         -H 'Accept: application/json' -d '{}'
> 
> In case of succesfull setup, you should see a response similar to the one below:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the Rosetta app is running, you can send requests to it.
To run a `/network/list` request:

    curl -L -X POST 'http://localhost:3087/network/list' \
        -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
        -H 'Accept: application/json' -d '{}'

In case of succesfull setup, you should see a response similar to the one below:

```

```json
{"network_identifiers":[{"blockchain":"mina","network":"mainnet"}]}
```

> You must pass the `network_identifier` object as a parameter to all other endpoints. In Mina Rosetta implementation, it exists only for the network you run Rosetta for, so this array will always contain one object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must pass the `network_identifier` object as a parameter to all other endpoints. In Mina Rosetta implementation, it exists only for the network you run Rosetta for, so this array always contains one object.
```

Reviewer: present tense 
In general, use [present tense](https://developers.google.com/style/tense) rather than future tense; in particular, try to avoid using will where possible.

> Learn how to use Rosetta API for different use-cases in the [Code Samples](samples) section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to use Rosetta API for different use cases. See in the [Code Samples](samples) section. 
```
